Thank you for registering for Autism York's Walk for Autism!  Your involvement in this important fundraiser will enable our local non-profit volunteer organization to continue to increase public awareness about Autism Spectrum Disorders and provide a network of support and up-to-date information for people whose lives are affected by autism.
Now that you have registered for the walk, here is what you will need to do next:

1)  Contact potential sponsors to let them know that you are participating in the Walk for Autism and to ask them for donations.  Every amount helps to make a difference!  Feel free to use the sample sponsor message or you may write your own.

2)  Make sure to share this public ID number with your potential sponsors so they can access your personal Walk for Autism webpage to make donations: [public ID] 

3) Use this private ID number to access your personal Walk for Autism webpage, so you can make updates, as needed: [private ID]

4)  Make sure to thank each of your sponsors for their support.  You may use the sample sponsor thank you message or write your own.

5)  Help recruit other walkers by spreading the word about Autism York’s Walk for Autism. Every bit helps!

6)  On the day of the walk, remember to bring all of your donations with you (not including those paid online).  Make checks payable to “Autism York”. The walk will be held rain or shine on Saturday, October 10, 2009 at John Rudy Park, located off N. Sherman Street at 400 Mundis Race Road, York, PA.  Registration and sign-in opens at 9:00 a.m.  Plan to complete your walk (approximately a 1-mile course along a partially shaded, paved path through the main park) anytime between 10:00 a.m. and 2:00 p.m.  

Upon arrival, stop by the registration area to drop off your donations and pick up your Walk for Autism t-shirt and any other prizes you may earn.  You will be able to purchase food items and Autism Awareness merchandise before or after you walk.  A supervised playground and bounce houses will be available for children from 10:00 a.m. until 2:00 p.m.  Free face painting will be offered by “Changing Faces 4 Fun” from 10:30-12:30.

7)  If you have any questions, please don’t hesitate to contact Autism York at (717) 801-1272 or walk@autismyork.org
Thank you, again, for your support!  Together we can continue to make a difference in the lives of people affected by autism!
